LICENSE
=======

Copyright (c) 2016 Guillaume Brunerie

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

NOTES
=====

The contents of the file Base.agda and a few parts of PathInduction.agda are
taken from the HoTT-Agda library available at
[https://github.com/HoTT/HoTT-Agda] under the same license and with the
following copyright line:

Copyright (c) 2013-2015 Guillaume Brunerie, Evan Cavallo, Kuen-Bang Hou (Favonia),
Nicolai Kraus, Dan Licata, Christian Sattler

ACKNOWLEDGMENT
===============

This material is based upon work supported by the National Science Foundation
under agreement Nos. DMS-1128155 and CMU 1150129-338510. Any opinions,
findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are
those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the
National Science Foundation.
